---
url: "https://www.darkalphacapital.com/working-team/anas-ali"
title: "Anas Ali | Financial Analyst & Bookkeeper | Acquisition Specialist | Dark Alpha Capital"
crawled_at: "2025-06-12T12:52:38.936Z"
status: 200
content_type: "markdown"
load_time: 13283ms
browser_mode: true
---
# Anas Ali

Operations Analyst

[SET AN APPOINTMENT](https://calendly.com/darkalphacapital)

## Anas Ali - Operations Analyst

Anas Ali is a versatile professional with a strong background in bookkeeping, administrative assistance, and financial analysis. Based in Karachi, Pakistan, Anas holds a Bachelor of Business Administration with Honors from Iqra University and has completed the ACCA Foundation in Accountancy.

Currently serving as an Acquisition Analyst for Hero Technologies in Dover, United States, Anas manages a deal pipeline exceeding $500M for the Corporate Development Department. His responsibilities include reviewing and initiating preliminary discussions with brokers, organizing deal information, and maintaining effective communication with stakeholders.

Previously, Anas worked as an Accounts & Operations Assistant at Horseshoe Marcom in Karachi, where he managed financial records, client accounts, and project-related operations. His experience also includes a role as a Senior Trainee Accounts at Daudally, Lalani & Co, where he honed his skills in bookkeeping and project costing using QuickBooks.

Anas is proficient in various accounting software including QuickBooks and Xero, and possesses strong skills in Microsoft Office and Google Suite. His expertise extends to financial modeling, internal auditing, and project management. Fluent in both Urdu and English, Anas prides himself on his teamwork, communication, and problem-solving abilities.

With a combination of education, certifications, and practical experience, Anas Ali is well-equipped to handle complex financial tasks and contribute effectively to organizational growth and success.