---
url: "https://www.darkalphacapital.com/operating-team/dr-jay-reubens"
title: "Jay Reubens: Entrepreneurial Expertise in Building, Selling, and Advising Businesses | Dark Alpha Capital"
crawled_at: "2025-06-12T12:51:20.638Z"
status: 200
content_type: "markdown"
load_time: 16665ms
browser_mode: true
---
# Dr Jay Reubens

Advisor

[SET AN APPOINTMENT](https://calendly.com/darkalphacapital)

# About Dr. Jay Reubens

**Dr. Jay Reubens** is a visionary entrepreneur with over three decades of experience in building and growing successful businesses. With a proven track record of turning ideas into profitable ventures, Dr. J, as he's affectionately known, has left an indelible mark on various industries.

One of Dr. J's crowning achievements is the development and sale of **SafeHands**®, the world's first alcohol-free hand sanitizer. With a keen understanding of market needs and a commitment to innovation, Dr. J led the charge in creating a safer alternative to traditional hand sanitizers. Under his leadership, **SafeHands**® secured major contracts with retail giants like **Walgreens**, **CVS**, **Target**, and **Walmart**, while also expanding into international markets.

Driven by a passion for innovation, Dr. J founded **SafeBrands**™, a platform housing a range of products designed to promote health and wellness. From **SafePaws**® for furry family members to **SafeWipes** and **SafeFace**, Dr. J's commitment to creating safe and effective solutions is evident across his diverse product line.

Beyond his contributions to the consumer goods sector, Dr. J has also made significant strides in the realm of healthcare. Through strategic alliances and meticulous planning, he spearheaded initiatives to supply essential PPE products during the COVID-19 pandemic. With a focus on quality and efficiency, Dr. J's efforts have helped safeguard frontline workers and communities worldwide.

Not one to rest on his laurels, Dr. J's entrepreneurial spirit continues to drive him forward. From developing touch-free dispensers to pioneering hand-washing monitoring systems for hospitals, his commitment to innovation knows no bounds.

With a blend of expertise, vision, and a relentless drive for success, Dr. Jay Reubens stands as a beacon of inspiration in the world of entrepreneurship. His journey serves as a testament to the power of innovation and perseverance in achieving remarkable feats.