---
url: "https://www.darkalphacapital.com/working-team/saveez-irfan"
title: "Saveez - Project Manager at Dark Alpha Capital | Investment Expertise in Lower Middle Market Acquisitions | Dark Alpha Capital"
crawled_at: "2025-06-12T12:52:40.605Z"
status: 200
content_type: "markdown"
load_time: 15919ms
browser_mode: true
---
# Saveez Irfan

Project Manager

[SET AN APPOINTMENT](https://calendly.com/darkalphacapital)

## Saveez Irfan - Project Manager

Saveez Irfan is a dynamic and results-oriented professional currently serving as a Sales Associate at Remotebase, where he excels in funnel management, team collaboration, prospect outreach, and the implementation of sales tools and systems. Saveez has a robust background in project management, sales, and marketing, with a proven track record of success in diverse roles.

Prior to his role at Remotebase, Saveez worked as a Campaigns Associate at Horseshoe Marcom. In this position, he managed high-impact campaigns for notable clients such as SWVL, Valeem, and Olpers, demonstrating his expertise in BTL activations, PR, performance marketing, and shopper marketing campaigns. Before joining Horseshoe Marcom, Saveez served as a Project Manager at The Protectors, where he was instrumental in ERP development, sales fleet management, and automation of HR operations.

Saveez earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in Marketing & Management from the Institute of Business Administration, Karachi. During his studies, he completed a series of relevant courses including Project Management, Consumer Behavior, and Digital Marketing, which have equipped him with a strong foundation in his field.

Saveez is skilled in tools such as Tableau, Google Suite, Meta Ads, and WordPress, and he has led academic projects like the KPMG Customer Experience in Retail Telecommunication, showcasing his ability to conduct comprehensive research and analysis. His diverse skill set, combined with his passion for technology, sports, and history, makes him a versatile and valuable asset to any team.